(The first day of a music video shooting)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Chaotic"
'Aren't you tired?'
JinSoul: Tired but I'm okay.
Choerry: I'm okay too. Because~
(The reasono why she doesn't feel tired is...!)
Kim Lip: Choerry said,
Kim Lip: JinSoul is 4 years older than herself so she would feel tired more~
JinSoul: Choerry really has a pride of her age.
Choerry: Why are you acting so mean~?
JinSoul: Such a baby~
Choerry: I'm not gonna do this!
Choerry: Don't shoot me~
Kim Lip: Refusing the camera!
JInSoul: But YeoJin is really like these words~
JInSoul: Hey.. how are you, YeoJin!?
JinSoul: Because we share the same room with her!
JinSoul: We and YeoJin live together but...
JinSoul: As you see, we three are not in the room now.
JinSoul: So we wrote a letter to her before we departed.
Choerry: 'By the time you read this letter...'
JinSoul, Choerry: 'We will already be in the sky~'
Kim Lip: 'Study hard, wear a school uniform well, and go to the school~'
Choerry: You're doing well, right?
JinSoul: Maybe she would follow HaSeul around all the time!
Choerry: Right.
JinSoul: There is a possibility that she would like that more!
(Right!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/YeoJIn - 키스는 다음에(Kiss Later)"
JinSoul: You're cleaning up the room, right?
Kim Lip: You're the best~ The youngest member of LOOΠΔ is YOU!!
JinSoul: You're the one and only youngest member of LOOΠΔ
JinSoul, Choerry: So far!
(Acting mean to YeoJin in LA!)
JInSoul: (Queen of timidity) I think she might get sulky....
JinSoul: Sorry~